Clarify software support docs for UniFi Protect (#22745)
home-assistant/home-assistant.github.io: source/_integrations/unifiprotect.markdown

### Software Support

The absolute **minimal** software version is `1.20.0` for UniFi Protect. If you have an older version, you will get errors trying to set up the integration. However, the general advice is the latest 2 minor versions of UniFi Protect and hardware supported by those are supported.

#### About UniFi Early Access

> Since UniFi Protect has its own release cycle, you should only upgrade UniFi Protect _after_ the next Home Assistant release to ensure the new version is fully supported. Most importantly, that means **do not use Early Access versions of UniFi Protect if you want your UniFi Protect integration to be stable**. Early Access versions can and will break the UniFi Protect Home Assistant integration in unexpectedly. If you desire to use Early Access versions of UniFi Protect, you can disable automatic updates and wait for the next bugfix version of UniFi Protect to come out.

Reviewer: `break the UniFi Protect Home Assistant integration in unexpectedly` -> `break the UniFi Protect Home Assistant integration unexpectedly`  (`in` removed)

Reviewer 2: Fixed in https://github.com/home-assistant/home-assistant.io/pull/22756

> Since UniFi Protect has its own release cycle, you should only upgrade UniFi Protect _after_ the next Home Assistant release comes out to ensure the new version is fully supported. Most importantly, that means **do not use Early Access versions of UniFi Protect if you want your UniFi Protect integration to be stable**. Early Access version can and will break the UniFi Protect Home Assistant in unexpected ways. If you really want to use Early Access version of UniFi Protect, you can disable automatic updates and wait for the next bugfix version of UniFi Protect to come out.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Since UniFi Protect has its own release cycle, you should only upgrade UniFi Protect _after_ the next Home Assistant release to ensure the new version is fully supported. Most importantly, that means **do not use Early Access versions of UniFi Protect if you want your UniFi Protect integration to be stable**. The Early Access version can and will break the UniFi Protect Home Assistant unexpectedly. If you desire to use the Early Access version of UniFi Protect, you can disable automatic updates and wait for the next bugfix version of UniFi Protect to come out.
```

For example, the latest UniFi Protect Early Access version as of `2022.5.4` is UniFi Protect `2.0.0-beta.5`. So that means

* **do not** upgrade to `2.0.0-beta.7` until `2022.5.5` or `2022.6.0` comes out
* the recommended version of UniFi Protect are any `1.21.x` version or `2.0.0-beta` version before `2.0.0-beta.7`

#### Downgrading UniFi Protect

> In the event you accidentally upgrade to an Early Access version of UniFi Protect and it breaks your UniFi Protect Home Assistant integration, you can access your <a href="https://help.ui.com/hc/en-us/articles/204909374#h_01F8G1NSFWE9GWXMT977VQEP8V" target="_blank" rel="noopener">UniFi OS Console via SSH</a> and then do the following:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
In the event you accidentally upgrade to an Early Access version of UniFi Protect, and it breaks your UniFi Protect Home Assistant integration, you can access your <a href="https://help.ui.com/hc/en-us/articles/204909374#h_01F8G1NSFWE9GWXMT977VQEP8V" target="_blank" rel="noopener">UniFi OS Console via SSH</a> and then do the following:
```

> In the event you accidentally upgrade to an Early Access version of UniFi Protect and it breaks your UniFi Protect Home Assistant integration, you can access your <a href="https://help.ui.com/hc/en-us/articles/204909374#h_01F8G1NSFWE9GWXMT977VQEP8V" target="_blank" rel="noopener">UniFi OS Console via SSH</a> and then do the following:

Reviewer: Please do not use HTML, use Markdown instead.

Reviewer 2: 🤦 I should have caught that. 😦

Author: Both of these links are to an external site, which it is usually customary to open them in a new tab by default, so the user does not lose their current place on the site. Creating an external link that open in a new tab is not possible in raw markdown.

There are also various other examples of this being done all over the docs already: [core docs for install](https://github.com/home-assistant/home-assistant.io/blob/current/source/_includes/installation/operating_system.md?plain=1#L102), [other integrations](https://github.com/home-assistant/home-assistant.io/blob/current/source/_integrations/alexa.smart_home.markdown?plain=1#L501), even [release notes written by you](https://github.com/home-assistant/home-assistant.io/blob/current/source/_posts/2021-03-03-release-20213.markdown?plain=1#L54)

Reviewer: Please adjust it to use Markdown as requested, this is not a discussion but a requirement. Would appreciate it being adjusted. Thanks.

```bash
# run this command first _only_ if you are on a 1.x firmware of the UDM Pro
# it is not needed for the UDM SE, UNVR, etc.
unifi-os shell

# downgrade UniFi Protect
apt-get update
apt-get install --reinstall --allow-downgrades unifi-protect=2.0.0-beta.5 -y
```

You can replace `2.0.0-beta.5` with whatever version of UniFi Protect you want to downgrade to.

> **Note**: if you want to downgrade to another Early Access version, you must have <a href="https://help.ui.com/hc/en-us/articles/115012240067-UniFi-How-to-enable-remote-access" target="_blank" rel="noopener">Remote Access enabled</a> and have the Early Access release channel enabled.

Reviewer: Please  remove the use of HTML, use Markdown instead.
